what the hell is up pimps and pimps up
to Schiphol wings of redemption they're
not bringing you another game play on
the ps3 this is a galil in the guy who
donated this gameplay is in the channel
link at the bottom if you like to see
more gameplay by him it's a puppy bias
why have I been doing this well been
really big into single-player games
lately we've been having a lot of fun
taking a break from called the duty
people still request call duty videos
for me to talk over so you've been
taking people off of twitter so if you
have good videos and usually I like to
get I usually like to talk in where for
four to six minutes on a video so tdms
are generally what I strive before if
you have good videos you can check me on
twitter at wor ICP and i'll play with
subscribers a lot then i'm probably
going to do that tonight probably a
little after i'll probably already done
it by the time you get to see this video
though so but you can follow me on
twitter i asked for twitter group so i
got generally it's just send me a
message saying twitter when i asked for
people in most of the time it's going to
be on the Xbox just because of the joint
player feature I know it sucks but it's
just it's just a real big hassle to play
on the ps3 I'm not dogging to ps3 or
anything but that's the reason behind it
oh man what's been happening on the home
front playing a lot of mass effect 2
been doing a lot of lot of doing the
potty patrol and I kind of a kind of
went another way I tried something that
that they said they had tried before
which is I tried to start giving him
candy for sitting on the toilet and he
started really enjoyed getting the candy
and he looked forward actually sitting
on the toilet instead of whining about
it and he got actually got him to poop
in the toilet last night and so I were
tried to reward him right away and let
him use this TV again at bedtime and
today and today he he had to go visit
his real father and he basically pooped
in the toilet there as well and so I met
gave him a promise that he gets to go
back and big boy underwear which we did
just a minute ago
he was pretty pleased about that and I
told him if he does it again I'm gonna
go get him a bit a pack of superhero
underwear for underwear madam but the
the superheroes don't like being don't
like when they have accidents and don't
like being pooped on so if they poop on
they don't want to be his friends I
don't know if that's going to mess him
up or anything in real life but it seems
like he's enthusiastic and he gets
excited when he poops in the toilet now
and I'm hoping that excitement carries
over so kind of let him forget that why
he breathe laughs because he had a
blockage when he was about to I think
two may almost three and since then he's
had that he's had these problems going
in the bathroom and his pants and I
think I think a lot of us like you know
toilet bad you know pamper you know
diaper good or pants good it's in if you
look on the internet this is a common
problem with most kids it's not that
he's slow or anything but yeah it makes
me feel good when I see you know see
results like that makes you feel like
I'm actually doing changing anything but
to be quite honest my better father than
his father is one but I said that kind
of looks at me with other people to hear
it that's just my opinion won't be going
to kata XP I'm fat don't like flying and
I can't really fit can't really afford
it right now I got a lot of a
commitments in life and especially be a
money wise so can't be a big big bald
and flying across the country how I can
be as a sauce balls and big ups to my
man chaos math and I said Nick yeah I
see you guys got you some contracts
hopefully you guys get using well
hopefully you guys bring a lot of joy to
people and as always keep gaming